---
layout: post
title:  "Learning Emacs"
date:   2019-11-24 12:00:42 +0100
categories: emacs
comments: true
---

It has been quite sometime since I've updated this blog.
I look a break from coding in general and only in last few months
have I been working on a project for work that involves Laravel.
Laravel is pretty cool framework for PHP coders and enjoying what
that offers so far.
But today's subject is all about Emacs.

I've been jumping from editor to editor. As I have been following
Laravel tutorials I have been seeing how different people use their
editors. PHPStorm is a popluar one for Laravel. VSCode seems to be
gaining popularity. I personally have been using Sublime and that
has been a good stable editor for me. Atom was good but I just found
it very slow compared with the others.

Recently I have discovered Emacs editor and what interests me about
this editor is that it has been around for quite some time and still
being actively used and extended. It is very keyboard driven and
after learning VIM key binding I'm starting to see the benefits of not
reaching for a mouse all the time.

I have made a repo with my emacs configuration in it and I plan to continue
updating this with new things I find. Emmet has been a good html too that
used back in Sublime and import that in.
I'm currently writing this article in Emacs at the moment and it
recognises markdown.

I will be gathering together so resources and links that I use both for my
own reference and anyone that stumbles acrossed this article and also
interested in learning the world of Emacs.
